So the two problems we talked about with this previously made function is that essentially whenever
we write it out we have to start at 1 instead of at zero with the arguments object.
And on top of that whenever we go through this function it's not immediately apparent to someone that
it can accept more than one parameter.
So what we can use instead is something called a rest parameters.
Now I'm going to write out the syntax and then I'm going explain what it does.
OK.
So after this function pick and after the first parameter object what I'm going to do is I'm going to
do dot dot dot triple dots and then Keys.
OK.
Now what I could do is let's say first all consulate log key is just to kind of show you what it is.
So my colon as always and then I'm going to replace argument with keys and I'm going to replace arguments
object again with keys and I'm going to replace the arguments object again with keys like so now.
What a rest parameter essentially allows me to do is every single extra parameter that gets passed will
be put inside of this named parameter right here.
But this isn't just any named parameter It's an array.
So in other words what rest parameter is allow us to do is to take any extra parameters that get passed
in and throw them inside of an unnamed array an array with a name.
So in this case as you can see when I print out canceled out log keys it's actually an array containing
the author and the year.
So this has a couple of benefits.
First it starts at zero which means that whenever I make this object I can start at zero.
And I have one less thing to keep track of and on top of that whenever I look at this function it's
very clear to me that this function can take more than one parameter.